hey what's up guys welcome back to my
channel my name is orly 43 and today I
just really wanted to show you this
awesome new vehicle from the hipster
update the 1.14 update and wow that's
pretty lucky that I didn't crash into
anything this is a live commentary and I
just thought I'd jump on the Xbox and
talk to you guys and just well weird
textured glitches I just talked to you
about this little car because this is
genuinely one of my most favorite
vehicles in the game right now as you
can see it's quite a zippy mother
trucker and it's off road it goes fast
on track and it's just awesome you know
it is unfortunate that people can knock
you off quite easily and they quite
often do if you come near them on this
little thing but it's just so cool it's
got like go-faster flames which just
instantly makes it awesome and it's just
really cool and I'm kind of one of
really echo what I kind of said in my
last video which was the hipster update
was probably one of my favorite updates
so far like more than the high life
update and it was purely because the
vehicles were so cool it was lots of
them there was 17 there was 150 changes
to the game which I'm still scratching
my head about how to produce that video
because god knows I'm gonna either be
reading out 150 different changes or
just just I really have no idea I you
know if you've got any ideas how I could
demonstrate or talk about hundred and
fifty different changes to GTA 5 yeah be
sure to leave your suggestions in the
comment section below that would be much
appreciated but yeah it was just one of
my favorite updates so far the cars I
love classic cars I'm a real classic car
well no brake fanatic and I just love
like classic cars I'm a hipster what can
I say you know you can imagine me
wearing the t-shirts that I love the
t-shirts and the clothing you know it's
just all really cool stuff I'd love one
of the old cars that they like first of
all I'd like those six wheel vehicle
because I think that's awesome and like
some of the old classic cars they show I
just saw wasn't now wears no
no oh you've my baby you almost died it
was close okay we have an acceleration
issue no we don't we're moving so yeah
what's the hit this is what I want to
ask you guys was the hipster update it's
good for you guys as how I'm feeling it
was like I feel it was probably one of
the best updates yet but do you guys
kind of agree with that and do you think
it was as good as I think it was like
I'm just curious more than anything and
if it was why and if it wasn't what was
the better update like which has been
your favorite so far I will be making a
video very soon about online heists I
don't want to talk about it too much in
this video because it's all about the
hot rod and I just want to just say that
I love it and it's awesome but I do want
to say that heist have been put back and
I will be talking about that in a little
bit it's actually quite difficult for me
because as much as I don't want to sound
like a whining little girl I am like I
really want a house to come out like I
really do like they keep they said
spring and it's not coming out and
spring but I would love to hear you guys
thoughts on that as well so there are
lots of comments for the comment section
I feel like I got a lot of questions for
you guys today I guess is yeah it's just
one of those days I'm just I want to
hear what you guys have to say and yeah
I just wanted to say that I love this
hot rod it's my favorite vehicle and
actually is really cheap it's only 70
grand in GTA online which is cheap for a
car you know anyway guys my name is
Ollie 43 thanks for watching this video
be sure to get in that comment section
because God knows I've asked you enough
questions and if you interested in
watching more videos in the future be
sure to go ahead and subscribe and I'll
catch you guys very soon take care
[Music]